Check out our FREE Android Super Saiyan camera app! 
Forge a new type of awesomness combining elements of one of the greatest manga/anime stories ever told with your own camera shots! 

Super Saiyan is an advanced transformation assumed by extraordinarily powerful members of the Saiyan race in the Dragon Ball. 
The ability to become a Super Saiyan was once considered to be nothing but a legend, as it had not been performed for over one-thousand years. 

The Super Saiyan form multiplies the Saiyan's power by 50x times its normal amount 

Now, thanks to Super Saiyan Camera app you too can become a Super Saiyan! 
Become your favorite character from Dragon Ball! 

Info about things you can do with this APP: 
- take a photo with the camera 
- Load a photo from the phone 
- Save the modified picture 
- Share pictures Via email, Facebook, Twitter, etc 
- Become your favorite character from Dragon Ball 
- anime/manga effects: hairstyles, ki auras, Ki blasts and many more

The dragon ball Super Saiyan transformation comes in response to a need, not a desire. In all known cases, the form has been initially triggered by either desperation or indignation. 

SAIYAN TRANSFORMATIONS:
There are several Saiyan transformations in the Dragon ball series, which are: 

False Super Saiyan, Super Saiyan, Ascended Super Saiyan, Ultra Super Saiyan, Full-Power Super Saiyan, Super Saiyan 2, Legendary Super Saiyan, Super Saiyan 3, Legendary Super Saiyan 3, Super Saiyan God and Super Saiyan 4. 

Unleash your rage to reach the final level. 

"The power comes in response to a need, not a desire" 

Disclaimer: 
All elements used in this camera app are made by us or freeware.
This app is purely fan made for entertainment purposes only. It is in no way associated with the manga, anime or movie. 

Dragonball manga, anime and movies are owned by Akira Toriyama and Toei Animation Co Ltd. 
Dragonball, Dragonball Z, Dragonball GT and all logos, character names and distinctive likenesses there of are trademarks of TOEI ANIMATION, Ltd. Dragonball Z © 2005 BIRD  STUDIO/SHUEISHA, TOEI ANIMATION. © 1989 TOEI ANIMATION LTD, JAPAN